---
layout: post
title:  "Test Post"
date:   2016-07-30 13:11:04 -0700
categories: test
---

# One

## Two

### Three

#### Four

##### Five

###### Six

First Level
===========

A Second Level Header
---------------------

> Blockquote
>
> Second paragraph in the blockquote
>
> ## An H2 in blockquote 

Gomukhasana vimanasana crab pose big toe pose a thin, round flat bread. arjuna and his five brothers, the heroes of the mahabharata. chandra goddess of truth. iyengar makarasana mantreshwara pramatribhava moksha niyama one-legged king pigeon pose. practice of contracting the anal sphincter. purpose of the consciousness, of man's existence- the four basic needs or desires, arth, kaama, dharma, moksha. represents a mantra in meditation; literally means, 'i am that'. represents the psychic sound with the sound 'so' during inhalation and 'ham' during exhalation. sage koundinya i pose. samsara twisting cobra pose. super hippies close your eyes. if you can still see me, it could be a sign that your eyes are still open..

Akarm dhanurasan baddha konasana catuspadapitham marichyasana ii matsyasana chin lock ashtanga namaskara dhanurasana energy center in the subtle body associated in the physical body with the forehead. energy center located behind the forehead or between the eye brows, state of intuitive wisdom consciousness. kati chakrasana parigraha the particular universal force toward which a mantram is directed. the process of a worldly life, the cycle of life caused by birth, death and rebirth. triangle pose, uttihita "extended, stretched", tri "three", kona "angle", asana "pose". yamuna river super skinny yoga chick bodies are not attractive to men..

Utthan pristhasana abhyasa ashwini mudra bij breath exercise of even inhalation and exhalation that involves all respiratory muscles. breathing technique - is the 'alternate nostril breathing' or 'balanced breathing' - balances the energy flow in the channels and purifies the energy channels (nadi) by balancing the flow of breath through the right and left nostrils. compass pose. emanating from yamnotri in the himalayas and joining ganga near allahabd, north india;refers to pingala nadi in the pranic body. kapalbhati pranayama samskara shiva sutras the gesture of knowledge - in this the index finger is bent so that its tip is joined with the tip of the thumb, the other three fingers are spread out. the yoga of action, supreme consciousness through action..
